dev-guide-update (#313)
demisto/demisto-sdk: docs/development_guide.md

All tests are run from the `tests` folder within the correlating command folder. They also run in the CircleCI build.
Also make sure your methods work from the CLI by running `python demisto_sdk <your_method>` in your local environment.

> ### How to run your unreleased demisto-sdk branch locally

Reviewer: I think you've confused with the descriptions, pip install will update your env and tox will let you work in a virtual env. Am I wrong?

Author: You can run either of the commands. no use in running both.

There are 2 options:

> 1. Run `pip install -e .` in the terminal of your demisto-sdk repository. This will automatically sync your venev until deactivating it.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Run `tox -e py37` in the terminal of your demisto-sdk repository. This will automatically sync your venev until deactivating it.
```

> 1. Run `tox -e py37` in the terminal of your demisto-sdk repository. This will update the changes you have made in your branch unitl now.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Run `pip install -e .` in the terminal of your demisto-sdk repository. This will update the changes you have made in your branch until now.
```
